Add New TAction: "Modify Team Delays (#1674)
Vinifera-Developers/Vinifera: docs/Mapping.md

|          | Attaches an ambient sound to all objects associated with the trigger. The VocType should have `Control=LOOP` for a continuous attachment; non-looping vocs play once and then go silent. | Sound (6) | VocType (name)           | *unused*            | *unused*   | *unused*   | *unused*   | Waypoint   |
| 139      | Detach Sound             |
|          | Detaches any ambient sound from all objects associated with the trigger. | Other (0) | *unused*           | *unused*            | *unused*   | *unused*   | *unused*   | Waypoint   |
| 140      | Modify Team Delays             |

> |          | Changes the trigger house's TeamDelay to a new value. Affects how often their AITriggers execute. A negative number will revert to the rules.ini or map-ini edited TeamDelay values. | Other (0) | *unused*           | Delay Time (Hard)        | Delay Time (Medium)   | Delay Time (Easy)   | *unused*   | *unused*   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|          | Changes the trigger house's TeamDelay to a new value. Affects how often their AITriggers execute. A negative number will revert to `[General] -> TeamDelays`. | Other (0) | *unused*           | Delay Time (Hard)        | Delay Time (Medium)   | Delay Time (Easy)   | *unused*   | *unused*   |
```

| 5 | Cost |
| 6 | Build Time |

### [140] Modify Team Delays
The trigger house's AI aggression via AITriggers can now be modified by setting a new delay value. Requires 3 arguments in the order of Hard, Normal, Easy, but the TAction will automatically select the applicable value based on current scenario difficulty.

NOTE:
- Negative numbers will default to the rules.ini or map-ini edit of [General] -> TeamDelays.

> 

Reviewer: Note should use ```{note}, and ini tags should be in code blocks.

Author: Noted. Thank you for informing me. Resolved in commit dfbf4c8aac6604fb9177189c42800887014a0f2ddfbf4c8aac6604fb9177189c42800887014a0f2d
